---
layout: post
title: "Writing 1"
date: 2021-01-14
---

<p>Prompt 2: Discuss what you consider the most important dos and don’ts when giving peer feedback. What will make your peers' feedback most valuable to you?

<p>One of the most effective ways to improve ourselves is learning from peer feedback, which is essential for studying and our future careers. Feedbacks from classmates can improve our understanding and accelerate our learning. Feedbacks from colleagues help to strengthen our working ability. However, some peer feedback is not functional due to inappropriate wording and ambiguous expression. In order to enhance the quality of feedback, some tips should be used and some problems should be avoided. 

<p>Peer feedback will be more useful if they are objective, specific, polite and informative. Firstly, the peer feedback should contain some kindly critical comments that can help the authors improve their assignments. An objective comment reduces the bias caused by personal preference, which makes the feedback more reliable. Secondly, the comments should be illustrated specifically with details. Peer-reviewers can also provide some potential suggestions that may help peers to advance their writing. Thirdly, the tone of peer feedbacks should be polite. Receiving criticism is challenging. A more friendly wording will provide better communication and help peers accept the advice. In addition, peer reviews should be informative and peer-reviewers need to apply their professional knowledge. 

<p>On the other hand, peer feedback may play a negative role if they are general, non-organized and aggressive. Firstly, general comments may fail to identify the main problems of peers' writing, making peer feedback inefficient and less useful. Secondly, weakly organized feedbacks are difficult to follow and may lead to misunderstandings. Though several mistakes may exist, it is always better to start from the most significant one. When the author reviews the feedbacks, the first several comments are likely to draw more attention. Additionally, aggressive feedback may have an inverse impact and the author may refuse to accept the suggestions, which reduce the effectiveness of peer reviews. 

<p>In conclusion, peers' feedback is more valuable for me if the comments are objective, suggestions are demonstrated detailedly, the overall tone is kind, and the profession is presented. However, peer feedback is less useful when they are common, the structure is illogical and the tone is arrogant.
