---
layout: post
title: "Writing 8"
date: 2021-03-11
---

<p>Background & aim: 
<p>Recently, the drinking behavior of college students has drawn attention. The proportion of drinkers and non-drinkers becomes an important question. Also, the factors that can lead to drinking behavior are also worthy of being studied. This paper investigates whether moving off-campus will influence the number of drinks on the weekend and whether male students consume more alcohol than female students. 

<p>Methods: 
<p>There are 77 observations in the data set, which is provided by a student in an introductory statistics course. The response variable is the number of alcohol consumed in the previous weekend, and the independent variables are sex and the living area. 
The method applied is the Poisson distribution with lambda, which equals the number of drinks during the weekend. The average observed number of drinks is 2.013 drinks per weekend. Due to the fact that the number of students who report a zero is more the expectation. The zero-inflated Poisson model is used to deal with this situation. 

<p>Results:
<p>According to the modeling results, for those students who respond that they drink, the average number of drinks for male students is 2.76 times the number for female students. The p-value is less than 0.001. Therefore, it is statistically significant that males students drink more than female students. Also, the students who live off-campus drinks 1.52 times that of students who live on campus. The p-value is 0.0433, which is less than 0.05. Therefore, it is statistically significant that people who live off-campus drink more. 

<p>Conclusion:
<p>Based on the study, it is evident that living on the campus can reduce the number of drinks for college students on the weekend. The universities can encourage students to live on campus in order to reduce the risk of alcoholism. Also, more factors can be investigated further, such as whether the posters about the harm of alcoholism reduce the number of drinks for college students.

