---
layout: post
title: "Writing 7"
date: 2021-03-04
---
<p>I believe that I have two soft skills that will help me to finish the tasks and collaborate with others better. The first soft skill is time management, which can help me finish assigned works more efficiently. I obtained this skill when I was in the first year of university. I just graduated from high school, and suddenly I need to deal with tons of quizzes and assignments. I start to plan my time and improve my daily schedule based on the failed experience. During this process, I find I am gradually good at planning my time. I can demonstrate this skill during the work because I can finish the tasks on time with high quality. The second soft skill is strong communication skill, which is necessary for group works. Group works are common because a single person's effort and thought are limited. I gained this skill when I was in university due to the group assignments for my statistical courses. During the process of finishing the group assignments, we need to discuss the topic, solve the conflict suggestions and determine the optimal solution. I can show this skill through my group assignments with high marks. Also, I participated in the business case competition, which also illustrates my teamwork ability. 

<p>Regarding the analytic skills, I believe I have modeling skills and data cleaning skills. Firstly, I think the modeling skill is beneficial because it can help us to make an analysis based on the client's requirements. I obtained this skill from my statistical courses, which taught us how to apply models to the real data in R. I can express this ability through my previous assignments. Secondly, in my opinion, the data cleaning skill is also essential because this is the first step for modeling. I obtained this skill from STA303, which taught us this skill through the data exploration assignment. I can also provide this assignment as a reference for you.

<p>My professional development activity is definitely connected to the job application because I chose to develop a digital CV. This will help me show my statistical skills to the employers and make my resume more innovative, which may increase the probability of finding a target job. I will also try to do more data exploration practices beyond the assignments because this can further improve my data cleaning skills.
