---
layout: post
title: "Writing 3"
date: 2021-01-28
---

<p>According to the article "Science Isn't Broken", Aschwanden believes the main reasons that some scientists tend to fraud are because science is hard and the rigorous results are difficult to obtain. Human fallibilities are not a shortcut to the truth but a misleading path. Commonly, a perfect result cannot be achieved in the first several experiments because the nature of science is challenging. Scientists should keep cautious, balance the new evidence's strengths and weaknesses and avoid deceiving themselves (Aschwanden, 2015). 

<p>Based on the "Hack Your Way To Scientific Glory” activity in the article, it is relatively easy to get statistically significant results by manipulating the research inputs. Though the p-value is greater than the 0.5 initially, it becomes significant suddenly when simply reducing variables and changing the included politicians. When I include all politicians and use GDP and stock price as the independent variables, the p-value becomes less than 0.1 and the research is worth being published. Therefore, when scientists do research, they have the freedom to choose the variables to get the expected result. However, these studies may lead to the problem that the research results are biased and misleading. 

<p>Also, Aschwanden mentions an experiment that the researchers can get different results by applying other analyzing methods though the raw data is the same (Aschwanden, 2015). Many people believe that P-hacking is a trick, which helps scientists to get desired results. However, the application of statistical methods should not be discouraged because it can help stimulate the development of science. But the internal motivation should not aim at the potential profit and reward provided by the results. 

<p>In conclusion, it is not difficult to manipulate the results to make them statistically significant. However, we need to accept the failure of the experiments and maintain the original intention because scientific research does not have any shortcut.

<p>Work Cited
<p>Aschwanden, C. (2015). Science Isn’t Broken: It’s just a hell of a lot harder than we give it 
	credit for. Retrieved from https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/science-isnt-broken (Links 	to an external site.) 

