---
layout: post
title: "Writing 2"
date: 2021-01-21
---

<p>Motulsky proposed the criticism of four misconceptions for doing the experimental researches and provide practical advice respectively. This excites my interest and curiosity. After reading the whole paper, I realize that P-Hacking is the most critical problem that should draw your attention when you do further investigations. 

<p>P-Hacking is a phenomenon that the data set is reanalyzed in various methods to draw a particular conclusion, which may cause the further reproduced issue (Motulsky, 2014). Typically, the entire experiment includes the data analysis should be predetermined. However, pursuing a statistically significant result and the desired outcome will cause you to change the analyzing methods and collect more data. These variations may not be appropriately documented, making the experiment becomes challenging to be reproduced by other scientists. 

<p>To make the experimental results more professional and accurate, you should notice three scenarios associated with P-Hacking. Firstly, the sample size should be determined in advance and avoid changing it during the experiment. According to Motulsky (2014), keep increasing the sample size will drive up the possibility of obtaining a significant result; however, selecting a relatively larger sample size directly will not lead to the same results. This should attract attention because the significant result will become insignificant after changing the sample size, which leads to a bias. Secondly, the hypothesis should not be decided even before starting the experiment. Data collection and analysis methods may be manipulated and changed during the investigation to get the expected results and match the hypothesis (Motulsky, 2014). This is a frequent mistake because researchers may test different data sets and statistical analysis methods to arrive at a certain valuable conclusion. Thirdly, the dynamic sample size should be noticeable, especially the actual value is changed. Switching to another control group and including the combinations in the linear regression model are some examples of P-Hacking, which may lead to bias in your further research (Motulsky, 2014). Therefore, I suggest you follow the suggestions provided by Motulsky in order to improve the professionalism of the research report. 

<p>In conclusion, P-Hacking should be noticeable when researching because it may introduce bias. If it is non-avoidable, it will be better to state the changes clearly and label them properly in the final paper. 

<p>Work Cited

<p>Motulsky, H. J. (2014). Common misconceptions about data analysis and statistics. Naunyn-
	Schmiedeberg’s Archives of Pharmacology, 387(11), 1017–1023. 
	https://doi.org/10.1007/s00210-014-1037-6
